   Exhibit A: Statement of Work

   Tasks

    1. Customer grants Contractor permission to mention the Customer as a
       customer on the Contractor web page and to ask for such permission
       from the users of Customer products (however, the users will not be
       obliged to give permission).

    2. Contractor will create a socket interface for Vampire that supports
       the XML spec provided as Exhibit C. Contractor should note that the
       contents of some of the markup is SUO-KIF.

    3. Contractor will implement or integrate a parser to allow SUO-KIF
       statements to be used by Vampire. Customer will supply to Contractor
       an existing Java parser for SUO-KIF for evaluation. Contractor will
       conform to the XML spec (item #2) in returning a message signaling
       syntax errors, if encountered, but will not further specify the syntax
       error. Statements with syntax errors will be ignored.

    4. Contractor will conform to the XML spec (item #2) in part by making
       Vampire return bindings for variables (element “var” in the XML spec),
       along with proofs showing how those values are supported by logical
       statements supplied to Vampire.

    5. Contractor will implement built-in functions for arithmetic.
       Contractor will do very simple evaluation of terms and literals. For
       example, Contractor will be able to reduce 3 > 5 to false but unable
       to check that 3 > c and c > 5 is inconsistent, unless we get the
       transitivity axiom from SUO or the input ontology. It should be noted
       however that the Customer's SUO ontology will in fact provide that
       transitivity axiom.

    6. Contractor will implement a “reactive mode” for Vampire. This will
       allow a user to assert a set of statements, ask a query, assert
       additional statements and be able to ask additional queries without
       having to reload the first set of statements.

    7. Contractor will ensure good performance of a set of test questions, a
       table of contents for which is listed as Exhibit D. Good performance
       shall be considered less the one second response time, when the test
       question contents are loaded along with the contents of version 1.27
       of the Suggested Upper Merged Ontology. Up to 10 questions may have up
       to a ten second response time and still meet this requirement. Each
       test includes some "meta-predicates" that inform test suite. (note
       "...") is just the name of the test. (query (...)) is the contents of
       the query to test. (answer ...) is the set of expected correct
       answers. (end_of_file) is an end of file marker. All the rest are
       expressions in a version of KIF (see
       [1]http://suo.ieee.org/suo-kif.html )

   Schedule

   The Contractor estimates the following task durations:

   parser: 2 days

   output: 3 days

   reactive mode: 2 days

   arithmetic - 3-4 weeks

   answer variables: 1 week

   Payment and additional terms

    1. Customer will provide a 10% bonus if source code meeting the entire
       statement of work is delivered within six weeks from the date the
       contract is signed.

    2. The total payment for this work shall be 4000 (four thousand) British
       pounds with an exchange rate to US dollars fixed as of the date of
       signing of this contract.

    3. All source code for the project shall be delivered under the Lesser
       GNU Public License (a copy of which is included as Exhibit B).

    4. The statement of work shall not be complete until the Customer has
       verified that the Statement of Work has been met.

References

   Visible links
   1. http://suo.ieee.org/suo-kif.html
